Improve Azure documentation (#169)
SEKOIA-IO/documentation: docs/integrations/azure_ad.md

name: Azure Active Directory

## Overview

Azure Active Directory is a cloud-based Identity and Rights management service. The service is developed and managed by Microsoft Corp.

## Setup

This setup guide will show you how to forward events produced by Azure Active Directory service to SEKOIA.IO.

Theses changes have to be made from the [Azure Web Portal](https://portal.azure.com).

### Azure Event Hubs

> As a prerequisite, you need an “Event Hubs” (e.g. `company-eventhub`) and to choose an existing `resourceGroup`, or create a new one (e.g. `company-resource-group`).

Author: Change applied, thanks!

#### Retrieve your Subscription ID

You also need your “Subscription ID” if you don't have a default one. In Azure Web Portal, navigate to: “Home”, “Cost Management + Billing”, ”Subscriptions”. From there, copy the relevant “Subscription ID” that will be used in the command line (e.g. `uuid`)

#### Create the Event Hubs

> Then, use Azure PowerShell (within Cloud Shell interface for example), to a create a global “Event Hubs”, then a specific `Event Hub` (e.g. `active-directory-event`):

Author: Change applied, thanks!

```powershell
PS Azure:\> az eventhubs namespace create --name company-eventhub --resource-group company-resource-group --enable-kafka true --subscription uuid
```

```powershell
PS Azure:\> az eventhubs eventhub create --resource-group company-resource-group --namespace-name company-eventhub --name active-directory-event --message-retention 3 --partition-count 4 --subscription uuid
```

!!! info

>     Please replace the `uuid` mention with your subscription ID retrieved previously (see below).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Please replace :
    
    * `company-resource-group` with the name of your resourceGroup
    * `uuid` with your subscription ID retrieved previously (see below).
```

Author: Change applied, thanks!

2. Navigate to “Home”, “Event Hubs”, “company-eventhub”, “active-directory-event - Shared access policies”. From there, you can create a policy (e.g. `sekoiaio`) with the claims `Listen`. Once created, click on the policy and save the `Connection string-primary key`, to be sent to SEKOIA.IO.
3. Navigate to “Home”, “Event Hubs”, “company-eventhub”, ”active-directory-event - Consumer groups”. From there, you can create a consumer group (e.g. `sekoiaio`).

#### Create a Blob Storage for Checkpointing

In order to allow SEKOIA.IO keep track of the consumed events, the next step consists in creating a dedicated Azure Blob Storage.

To proceed, you can use Azure PowerShell:

```powershell
PS Azure:\> az storage account create --name "company-sekoiaiocheckpoint" --resource-group "company-resource-group"
```

```powershell
PS Azure:\> az storage container create --name "active-directory-event" --account-name "company-sekoiaiocheckpoint"
```

!!! info

>     The container name, here `active-directory-event` should be the same as the Event Hub’s one.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    The container name, here `active-directory-event` should be the same as the Event Hub’s one.
    You also need to replace `company-resource-group` with the name of your resourceGroup
```

Author: Change applied, thanks!
